## \[How do we make documented communication fun?\]

* \[Documentation, not Documents. When you focus on Documents, that is what you will get.\]
* Use-cases \[Linked to tests, maybe fitness of other tool\] (see what Abid does).
* \[Use-cases/ user-stories should be short (one paragraph), and a set of tests.\]
* \[Goal orianted\] Who is it for “Who reads it”.
* \[Value added: What value does this documentation add? How can we maximise value added?\]
* We should record meeting minutes, using video, \[audio, photos, wiki \], hipchat.
* \[Office automation tools are not a good way to document software design.\]
* Better comments in code, but comments should be “why” not “what“ or “how”.
* \[Comment can also have warnings about tricky code, e.g. //:tricky: beware of changing … because of …\]
* Documenting can be good for: resolving assumptions (each developer may have different assumptions), communicating to new starters, communicating to our future selfs.
* Documentation has a cost \[and benefit]. \[We must consider “what are the goals?”, “what is the benefit?”, “who is the reader?” \]

## Code review / \[Inspection\]
* How do we make Code review easier?, \[How do we make code easier to read?\]
* How do we reduce bugs? \[What are our vulnerabilities? Do we track bugs, and investigate there root cause? Do we then fix the root cause? \]

## Other Documentation stuff
* It was suggested that documentation could be cut out of hipchat \[or what ether other system we use\], and pasted into share point. \[Cutting stuff out of the system that developer use, and putting into an office automation tool, will not end well.\]
* Need to be results focused.
* How do we get the best out of new developers?
* How do we communicate assumptions about vendor libraries (e.g. WCF)?
* We need top level design / architecture.
* Patterns, \[architectural layers, deployment\], relationships.
* Just in time documentation.
* \[What\] drawing tools for software design? \[Microsoft Office tools are not always the best choice.\]
* \[Separation of meeting-minutes and other design documentation.\]
* \[Revision control:\]
    - we need to record history.
    - meeting minutes do not change, (may be revision controlled).
    - non meeting minutes need to change, so must be revision controlled.
    - what revision control stream do we put it in? 








